Update Java Wizard (#2605)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/java/index.md

---

<Alert level="info">

>     Sentry for Java is a collection of modules provided by Sentry; it supports Java 1.8 and above. At its core, Sentry for Java provides a raw client for sending events to Sentry. If you use <strong>Spring Boot</strong>, <strong>Spring</strong><strong>, Logback</strong>, or <strong>Log4j2</strong>, we recommend using a dedicated integration. Please visit <a href="https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/java/">Sentry Java</a> documentation for installation instructions.

Reviewer: Would be nice to link to another wizard instead. Or maybe have a toggle in this wizard and bundle them all in this page?

Spring boot + logback is different than those integrations alone.

Author: Spring Boot wizard exists, but it's not updated yet. The others don't have wizards (yet). 
So, let's do this for now:
```suggestion
    Sentry for Java is a collection of modules provided by Sentry; it supports Java 1.8 and above. At its core, Sentry for Java provides a raw client for sending events to Sentry. If you use <strong>Spring Boot</strong>, <strong>Spring</strong><strong>, Logback</strong>, or <strong>Log4j2</strong>, we recommend visiting our <a href="https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/java/">Sentry Java</a> documentation for installation instructions.
```
and we can sort out how/whether we can link to other wizards once they're available.
